MC:thanks for joining guys make sure you  stick around to the enemy's will I share  a little bit more about Jubilee in this  series until then enjoy the episod.
Charity: there is no making America great again.  it implies that we want to go back to  racism I disagree it applies you want to  go back to having KKK out in a box.
like all white people think that way is  Islam.
START OF THE VIDEO
Charity: I am charity I am a social justice  advocate and a Democrat.
Michael: my name is  Michael I work as a fiduciary in the  finance industry and I'm a Republican.
Hope: my  name is hope I'm a political activist as  well as a student and I am a  conservative.
Josh: I'm Josh I'm a writer in  the film industry and I'm a Democrat my  name is Christy I'm a conservative and I  run a dating app called writer.
Alan: my name  is Alan Suarez I'm student and political  organizer and I am a Democrat.

MC:(1st question)I have the same political beliefs as my parents.

Hope: so a lot  of times I do get told that I'm only a  conservative because my parents are. when  in actuality they rarely talked about  politics.  it wasn't until very recently that I  realized yeah my parents are  conservative they really wanted my  sisters and I to be able to come to our  own beliefs oh my god.
Alan: I do have pretty  much the same views as my parents but  I'm the first one to actually be able to  vote and be outward politically about my  views. well I come from a low-income  family my dad's disabled and they tried  and they fought very hard to keep me in  a good school so I can critically think  on my own and constantly questioned and  challenged my believe my beliefs and the  views of society.
Christy: why did you decide to  lean left?.
Alan: I'd say primarily where I was but I did  give both a chance.
Christy: [sure].
Alan: I read both platforms  and I said I think I agree with more the  left than I do with the right but with  that being said of course not one side  is completely correct people who are in  my situation I feel for them and I want  to be able to help them out and I know  there's other mexican-americans or other  people who is gonna be there first time  voting and I want to make sure that they  have a right path and they know/.
Michael:/ why/ do  you think Republicans don't want to help?.
Alan: no Republican have reached out to me.
Michael: I  see.
Alan: yeah I don't doubt that Republicans  want to help. I never got that  opportunity we just try to help with  with jobs that's why I would say economic growth.
Josh: I'm the the unicorn stand  out here and and there is a very critical political difference between me and my parents. I grew up in a conservative suburb, and my first election I voted for Macain, because I got their talking points everynight told about redistribution of wealth that didn't  seem fair to me but then I got older and meeting people with different perspective and I started doing my own research.
MC: (2nd question)my party is misrepresented by  the media.
Michael: that everyone. I think we can  all agree that news channels in general  can basically just suck.
Josh: there was a time  when Americans all lived in the same  information space and we could disagree  but at least we were disagreeing on the  same set of facts.
Michael: do you guys at least  accept there's a big media bias.
Christy: on both  sides absolutely.
Michael: no for mostly for the left. that the most of the media is in  support of the Left agenda. 
Christy: Melania Trump  has yet to yet to show itself one cover of a magazine. 
Michael:really? well.
Christy: Michelle Obama was on(.) how  many (.)covers? 190?.
Josh: I think Michelle Obama was  much more /open and then she she.
Charity: /she/ had a name for herself/, she's a lawyer. Melania's like this is not what I signed up for(laugh).
Everyone:(( laugh)).
Hope: I do think Mellania is more private and that could be why.
Charity: yeah.
Michael: so yeah MSNBC CNN NBC even CBS the list  goes on.
Josh: in general more media  organizations tend to be a little bit  more favorable towards the Democratic  position yes but I think to say the two  biases are the same the fake news on the  right is so much more blatant.
Michael: Oh come on.
Christy: you wish to left coin that  phrase.
MC:[Music]
MC: (3rd question)I want to make America great again.
Christy: take apart democrat or republican right  or left America is our country we all  live here we're all citizens  I don't laughed a little bit when we  heard the statement I want to make  America great again opposed to, not make  America great again? I have no  understanding or concept of how anyone  in this room could not want our country  to be great again.
Charity: the phrase make  America great again a plot implies that  America was great to begin with and if  it was great to begin with(.) the question  is for who, it wasn't great for  minorities it wasn't great for people of  color and you know you guys sit in a  position of privilege in a position of  whiteness where you can say that(.) because  it was always great for you  absolutely.
Christy: Excuse me /I'm sorry you don't get to  speak for me I was hispanic/.
Chasty: /so you just//I am just talking from my experienc/].
Christy: /you just pointed to all of us and you told us white/.
Charity: /but us she pass us white?/.
Christy: [my mother was adopted out of Guatemala  and she was an immigrant and you do not].
Charity: [it wasn't directed to you].
Christy: [I will not here and be pointed at and be told that I am sitting on a position of a white privillege].
Charity: [this isn't about you that's a problem about (voiced mixed with Christy) I am talking in general I am talking in general].
Christy: [ok, but how would be general? I would never sit in this room].
Charity: [If you let me talk I would more than glad to tell you. can I finish?].
Christy: [that you take better care with your words].
Charity: [dont' tell be what I better do]Thankyou.My point is when we  have a country that was built on the backs of slavery the things I still feel  today as a black woman there is no  making America great again it implies  that we want to go back to racism hiding  racism because it still existed.
Michael: [I disagree compeletely].
Charity: it applies to go back to you know  having KKK out in about they have a  social media presence by having them.
Christy: yes I know I've been threatened by them  twice.
Charity: /(interuped by christy)/.
Christy : /yes I am under a head list.
Michael: when  I hear make America great again I think  he's just talking about the numbers(.)  economic growth(.) to say like all white  people think that way is is wrong it's  just talk about how when we won World  War two we defeated the Nazis we were  the best country in the world at the  time(.) given the fact all the segregation  in the south.
Alan: so that's why I think it's  dangerous though(.) because it's too broad.
Josh: I just feel like even if he made it make  America economic again(.) they would say oh  he's trying to take the minorities out(.)and make it more economically thing that  he would say they would attack.
MC:()we should  help the underprivileged.
Everyone:(( comes to the floor)).
Alan: I think it's written in our basic rights  life liberty and the pursuit of  happiness right everybody should be on  the same like level playing field right  especially the underprivileged who don't  have these kinds of opportunities they  might have grown up in an education  system that's not as good quality as  certain places.
Michael: and then do you think  that's almost a disservice to them  having to go to a college where they're  not almost prepared.
Alan: exactly.
Christy: [Yeah that's going to happen].
Michael:they were given though like the  opportunity because it may be like  affirmative action for example where  they get into that spot and then they're  like oh wow I'm kind of overwhelmed\.
Josh: there's a number of factors that we have  to consider you know if we're talking  about schools but first of all we don't  pay teachers enough so it's not exactly  attracting (.)the best and brightest  individuals to raise our kids(.) if you do  great as a teacher the incentive is to  move to a better school with students  who are already have economic advantages.
Michael: for example I'd want voucher systems for  underprivileged kids to go to good  schools.
Christy: what makes them underprivileged?.
Michael: I would say economic status.
Christy: I guess my  question is why aren't the parents  working 개인의 책임을 묻고 있다.
Michael: oh well maybe they came from a  situation where their mother was maybe  in prostitution or something.
Charity: well a lot  of kids are underprivileged because of  the socioeconomic status they come from  the way our systems in our districts are  set up it's you know keep the poor here  keep the rich here lack of opportunities  lack of education kids that are sex  trafficked or made primarily toasters  extra.
Christy: [sex traffic is very different].
Charity:[but it turns  into] adult prostitution. that's that's  underprivileged too(.) if you're coming if  you're a foster youth that's I I was  sexually exploited as a foster youth(.)I wasn't prostituting but I was  sexually exploited and I when I was  incarcerated when I was a teenager I was  incarcerated with dozens of little girls  that were in jail for being sexually  exploited by grown man so even as we  touch on the me too movement these are  people that are getting away with (.)you  know.
Christy: the me too movement originated in Hollywood with actresses that were  paid millions of dollars by a directer.
Charity: it happens everywhere./It gave voice to it/.
Christy: /well what you're talking about is very different/.
Charity: it originated there but it gave voice to everyone.
Michael: me too needed to happen in alot of way.
Charity: [absolutely]when it came out even  though it happened in Hollywood I went  on social media and put hash tag me too  it empowered me it gave me a voice it  made me felt like I wasn't dirty or I  did something wrong (.)I'm okay finally  with being vulnerable and telling a  story about something that impacted me  as a child and that impact did not just  me but thousands maybe millions of girls.
MC: The other side's agenda has cause my life harm. ((Hope, Michael coming to the floor)).
Michael: actually I'm coming in.
Hope:I can't remember  if it was the first time Obama was  elected or the second time but I do  remember I was in middle school(.) and a  girl came up got into my face and was  like you're gonna cry because your  president wasn't elected I felt very  attacked and very unsafe in that moment.
Michael: I would say mine was a little bit more  life in death situation(.) I was attacked  outside of a restaurant(.) and stabbed four  times(.) back in Ohaio.
Hope : that's worse than mine.
Michael: so I just wish I  could open carry and protect myself more  effectively(.) that's why I feel like the  other side's agenda kind of put me in  harm's way (.)I have a second Amendment  right and I have a right to carry and I  don't see it any different really.
Everyone:(( comes to the floor)).
Josh: well  personally I'm not a person who believes  that we need to get rid of the Second  Amendment I think that's okay false  stereotype that's propagated upon.
??: [explain yes].
Charity: if I'm with my children and  I'm by myself and or whatever the case  is I'm being stabbed bet your bottom  dollar if I have a gun I'm going to use  it(.) but I'm not gonna use a gun on  someone just because they're in my way, I feel threatened, and the idea of them are you know I'm not but that's what's  happening(.) and that's you know (.)yours is  an exception and I'm so sorry that  happened(.) but when we've seen people  getting killed you know when we see what  happened to Trayvon Martin you know when  we see what's happening in the world  it's because of you know as an identity  as a person ed because of the color of  my skin I'm a threat to you.
Alan: I think it's  really about gun safety because we're  not about taking away the Second  Amendment we're just about making it  safer for people to hold arms or for  backgrounds.
??:yes .
Hope: [yes for background check completely].
Alan: I  just said forward because has the agenda  the ot her side's agenda (.)personally  harmed you and so what from what I hear  and I don't mean to like to show you our  discredit it seems like the other  someone from the other side attacked you  but not the agenda the one area that  might harm me is immigration I come from  a family of immigrants they're all  legal now and so it personally hasn't harmed me but I have very many  friends and family friends that that  have had trouble with this but  personally I have not been harmed.
Hope: I know  that what happened to me had nothing to  do with the last agenda and I'm sorry(tear up, Christy patting her )  it's just um and but still at the same  time I did feel attacked  I felt unsafe at a school I had gone to  since kindergarten.
MC: this country is becoming too socialist.
Michael comes to the front.
Michael: I am the  only one? I would say that people want  health care for all they want college  for all but in reality someone has to  pay for it(.) I'm okay with the schools  being public(.) I'm okay with the streets  being cleaned or you know the police  force being paid by tax dollars but that  necessarily doesn't need to apply to the  whole system.
Christy: I think people want  socialism but the country certainly is  not a socialist and it never will be.
Michael: yeah the country I think that just like  Millennials though I would say a large  portion want it.
Charity: and as a millennial I'm  just gonna say I don't like to put the  labels on things I don't want to say we  want a socialist society ,we want a  society where we have access to  opportunities regardless of party  regardless of race when the Affordable  Care Act was implemented you know I  immediately saw that I was paying more  out of pocket all of us look there's  this coinsurance I got to pay for it no  one likes paying more money but I  understood the reason why I understood  that it benefitted people that are less  fortunate  more than likely and this is my opinion  that Republicans are often you know what  benefits me as an individual versus  society as a whole.
Michael: no I think I care  about myself for sure as anyone should  but collectively I want America to be  great again.
Charity: but with Republicans  everything is  fine and then you give more jobs give  more healthcare give XY and Z but then  the secondly it personally affects me and  that I have to pay more /and it becomes a problem./.
Christy: [publicans, who are you reffering to though?]-asking for specification.
Charity: just republicans in general.
Charity:Trump just  introduced a new budget what two days  ago that gave Medicare that could  healthcare that cuts social service  programs to build a wall?.
Christy:  that protects  the nation we live in.
Charity: what protects the  nation is making sure we have access to  health care makes sure education.
Christy: [so you are not the president].
Charity: I'm  someone that's been negatively impacted  by not having self education.
Christy: we all have  we all have been negatively impacted.
Charity: so you've negatively impacted by someone that  crossed the border illegally?.
Christy: yes, are you kidding me ?.
Michael: yes I sir  yes.
Michael: [yeah someone trying to break into your apartment.
Charity:[and you know he was undocumented].
Michael: yeah because he worked at her job along  with many of the illegal aliens that  worked in her company consistently she  was being sexually abused she told her  boss they didn't do [ __ ] and then  finally they he got so drunk or whatever  he followed her home and he tried to  break into her apartment.
Charity: those things do  happen but it's not an immigration  problem. it's not a problem for all healthcare is the problem for all.
Michael: if you have a good job or you  have a job you should be allotted healthcare from the business okay. what what's  wrong with that?.
Charity: if you have a job.
Michael: why  don't you have a job?  there's a lot of reasons why people don't  have a job(.) now with the type of job(.) to  access to jobs you know (.)it's it's a real  life training you haven't probably experienced.
Alan: to have jobs so something  that not a lot of people think about is  what about automation right there's a  company in San Francisco that says if  it's repeatable its replaceable so about  all those people are going to lose their  jobs  and so how are they gonna get Medicare  (.)how are they gonna have an education  (.)system.
Charity: that's a great thought.
Michael: well then you have to get into  the one of the fields that isn't gonna  be replaced.
Alan: But how are they gonna pay  for their education so how they can switch  their fields.
Michael: learn the code.
Charity: Oh my goodness(laughing).
Christy: It's not a right. go to another country and see what is like in another country.(looking to Alan).
Alan: but what about this country.
Charity: /but it should be your right, that's the point/.
Christy: that's right. THat's my point though(.) to be in this country it is a  privilege. 
Michael : yeah it is .
Christy: Earn your privilege okay  it is not a right, having a job is not a  right insurance is not a right College  is not a right (.) not everything in a country is free.
Michael : humanity has always found a way.
MC:  now I'm gonna  pause here because this is the final  prompt and I am very curious to see what  everybody says for this.
MC: PAUSE.
MC: Is this nation too divided?.
Everyone: this nation too divided.
Hope: yes I  shouldn't have to lose friends over my  political views(.) that's a prime example  of just how divided our nation is.
Christy: my son and  we worked on the Trump campaign and we  worked with Don Trump jr. and our car  was key twice because I had a trump  sticker on my truck on my car we were  obviously at theater inauguration (.)my  daughter was in a black tie we went to  the inaugural ball of course and on our  way there she was spat on literally had  spit from one of the protesters for spit  on my daughter 16 I don't know what you  would do as a mother I lost say on  camera oh yeah well I did the exact same  thing I was just like really like this  is where we are?.
Charity: that was wrong and that..  shouldn't happen you know that shouldn't  happen to anyone we need to know how to  disagree and respect each other's  parties and that happens on both sides  Trump supporters do the same thing to us  but it's not okay in any instance we  shouldn't be spitting on people we  should we should set examples and it  starts with us.
Alan: I think it's something  that we definitely need to focus more on  the at least willing to come to the  table and have a conversation even if we  have different viewpoints because we  will inevitable but at least come in and  talk about him and recognize that while  we do have different solutions we have  the same issues.
Christy: I'm actually gonna give  you a hug -.
MC: (Wrap up by MCs.)
Ien :you know as much  conflict as there was I think that was  still really valuable.
Jason: it feels really real to what's happening  right now in our country especially with  the country getting more and more  divided us trying to bring people  together.
Kendra: and you guys helped us so much  with that thank you again for watching  our series watch our content everything  that we put up.
Ien: tell us what kind of  episodes you'd like to see what you  think of the prompts in the episode we  do read all the comments that's right.
Jason:and as always make sure you like you  subscribe tell your friends tell your  mom.
Ien:tell everyone.
Kendra: tell everyone always.
Jason: make sure to live deeper so yes alright  peace.




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































